Price: Rs. 2999

Quantity	1 U
Size	UK 5 - EU 38, UK/India 5.5, UK/India 6.5, UK/India 7, UK/India 8, UK/India 8.5, UK/India 9.5, UK/India 10.5, UK/India 11, UK/India 12, UK/India 12.5
We have reduced our environmental impact on this product	We’ve reduced the environmental impact of these boots by 14.4% thanks to their eco-design: - Exterior component: 40% recycled, fluorine-free polyester - Collar: mesh with 90% recycled, fluorine-free polyester - Inner lining: 100% recycled and fluorine-free - Insole and membrane lining: self-dyed using less water (Dope Dye) - Outsole: with 30% recycled rubber from tyres
Resistant soles for walking trails	The sole’s design is the result of long research carried out in our labs. It is composed of a specific rubber formula which optimises grip and traction. We are systematically looking for the best compromise for walking on soft (e.g. forest paths) and stony (e.g. coastal paths) hiking trails. When used on roads, this can lead to the premature wear of your boots and cause discomfort. They are not suitable for mountain walking.
Tested for durability and optimal resistance	Laboratory tests were conducted to test the following elements: tearing eyelets and straps, gluing, toxicology, UV resistance, abrasion resistance of outsole and upper components, accelerated ageing. These tests allow us to improve the quality of our products and prevent premature wear of our hiking shoes.
Waterproof boots for 2 hours of hiking in rainy weather	NH150 WP boots have been tested for 2000 flexes in the laboratory. So they are waterproof for 2 hours of hiking. During the waterproofing test, we test 3 levels of waterproofing: - 2000 flexes, about 2 hours of hiking - 4000 flexes, about 4 hours of hiking - 8000 flexes, about 8 hours of hiking We recommend you use a re-waterproofing spray several times a year, which lets you regain the original water-repellency and limit stains.
How do we test the waterproofing of your shoes?	Laboratory- and field- tested, these shoes have a membrane to ensure optimal waterproofing and breathability. First, the shoe is immersed in water while internal air pressure is applied to check that no bubbles form on the surface of the footwear. Next, shoes are fitted to a mechanical arm that simulates walking and half immersed in water so we can test that the inside remains perfectly dry.
An improved product thanks to your feedback!	Thanks to your feedback, we have improved the concept and design of the NH150 Mid WP waterproof shoes. For this new model, we have added an EVA interlayer sole (ethylene vinyl acetate) to improve your comfort when walking by limiting the feel of stones underfoot.
How to choose the size of my walking boots?	Try on both shoes, standing up, with the socks worn for hiking. Try on several models or sizes if necessary. Check two comfort points: - the heel seating - the front of the foot on a downward slope Avoid any pressure points when fitting. Feel free to walk around to test the comfort and support. Gradually start using you shoes during your first few hiking trips to break them in.
Which pair of socks are suitable for Quechua NH150 MID waterproof boots?	These shoes are slightly breathable, but not enough to evacuate all humidity created by your perspiration. We advise you to choose Hike 100 Mid socks: they contain moisture-absorbing cotton and have a reverse terry-knit construction under the sock that wicks moisture away from your foot. They are also high enough to protect your ankle from the shoe. It is an excellent combination to reduce the chance of blisters.
WHY CHOOSE RECYCLED POLYESTER?	By recycling plastic bottles or used fabrics to produce our polyester, we reduce the use of petrol-based resources while maintaining the material's quality and performance for your hikes.
Our commitment to consume less water with this product.	Textile dyeing requires a lot of water and also produces waste water from the dye baths. To reduce our environmental impact, we use a mass pigmentation process that involves adding the colour pigments when the yarn itself is produced.
MRP	₹ 5,999 inclusive of all taxes

https://www.decathlon.in/p/8554620/hiking-and-trekking-boots/mens-waterproof-hiking-boots-nh150-mid-wp-black?id=8554620&type=p