Price: Rs.7499

Quantity	1 U
Size	UK 12.5 - EU 48, UK 13.5 EU 49, UK 14 - EU 50, UK 5.5 - EU 39, UK 6.5 - EU 40, UK/India 7, UK/India 8, UK/India 8.5, UK/India 9.5, UK/India 10.5, UK/India 11, UK/India 12
Cédric, product manager, explains the technology in the SE900 sole	The SE900 is the most technical basketball shoe in Tarmak's entire range. Our shoes are designed with a both lightweight and rigid, anatomically shaped plate made from TPU (Thermoplastic Polyurethane), a polymer with superior performance, in the sole situated between 2 distinctly different, extremely responsive EVA foam layers: a more rigid upper layer and a more supple lower layer. The combination of the 2 provides you with cushioning and stability
Advantages of our SE900:	Cédric (product manager), Terry (product engineer), and Max (designer) develop your shoes in close collaboration with a network of players, coaches, and you! Therefore, we choose materials, create prototypes, and test and approve products in the lab and on the court. In addition to the unique sole which gives you even more bounce, cushioning and stability, the new SE900 guarantees optimal foot support thanks to its Weblock strap system at the mid-foot.
Choosing your basketball shoes	To choose your Basketball shoes, you must first: - determine your skill level and playing frequency, - then determine your playing style (on the move or as post), - finally, correctly choose the height of the upper that will support your ankle (high, mid, or low-rise).
Choosing your shoe size	Choose a shoe size greater than what you would normally wear so that your foot is sure to be comfortable in the shoe. There should be 1cm between your toe and the tip of the shoe, as your foot tends to swell while exercising. Opt for a basketball sock that prevents blisters thanks to the specific materials strategically placed in areas prone to rubbing.
Who designs Tarmak basketball shoes?	Tarmak is a passionate team of basketball players who develop products especially for playing basketball. The entire shoe range has been designed to meet the needs of the most demanding basketball players, so that you can make the most of your games and training sessions.
Did you know that all Tarmak products are tested in real-world game conditions?	The TARMAK product design team is based at the Kipstadium in the North of France. Their ongoing mission is to make basketball players more comfortable as they play. All our products are designed with materials for which we have verified the quality in terms of moisture management, durability, etc. Each and every shoe model is tested in real-world situations by basketball players for several weeks, and undergo changes based on user feedback.
Get all our sports tips on training and choosing the right basketball gear!	Tarmak supports you as you play basketball whether you're a beginner, a regular, or an advanced player. Discover our tips for training, getting kitted out or having fun alone or in a group.
TARMAK has teamed up with the NBA!	Decathlon's basketball brand Tarmak is now partnered with the NBA. This partnership with the National Basketball Association has resulted in a collection co-branded NBA X TARMAK featuring the colours and logos of the best NBA franchises on products likeshoes, protective kit (elbow and knee pads), base layers, braces and supportwear.
The NBA has come to DECATHLON!	Get all your favourite NBA teams like the LOS ANGELES LAKERS, GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS, HOUSTON ROCKETS, NEW YORK KNICKS, LOS ANGELES CLIPPERS, BOSTON CELTICS, MIAMI HEAT and BROOKLYN NETS.
MRP	₹ 14,999 inclusive of all taxes

https://www.decathlon.in/p/8642916/men-s-basketball-shoes/adult-basketball-shoes-brooklyn-nets-nba-licensed-se900-white?id=8642916&type=p