Price: Rs.699

Size: 
S
M
L
XL
2XL

Quantity	1 U
Size	UK 28" / EU XS, S (Waist 27.6in), M (Waist 29.4in), L (Waist: 31.4in), XL (Waist 35in), 2XL(Waist 38.6in)
What is 'freedom of Movement' in apparel?	The ability to freely move the parts of one's body in order to comfortably make all the movements necessary to practice a sport is called Freedom of Movement. At FLX, we work with the right stretch fabrics and also with users on the field to find the right fit and design for you to have a constraint-free experience while you bat, bowl and field.
What is Moisture Management?	The capacity of a fabric to effectively absorb sweat from the skin is called wicking. The ability of a fabric to be able to release this sweat into the air by evaporation is its Quick dry capacity. The combination of both- Wicking and Quick Dry in the same fabric is called Moisture Management. This 100% hydrophilic polyester fabric is validated for a high level of moisture management that makes the experience of playing cricket for long hours under hot and humid conditions pleasant.
How do we test our Products for your happiness and safety in the cricket field?	Our apparel are tested and validated for high standards of durability upon regular use and multiple washes. We also test our products to offer the right fit for you to enjoy a constraint-free experience while wearing our Polo's or Trousers.
A team of passionate cricketers trying to boost the excitement of cricket	We are a team that enjoys playing cricket anywhere, anytime when we practice together. We work to ensure you experience the same level of excitement while playing cricket with our products. Sajan (Product Manager), Bhumika (Product Engineer), and Anusha (Product Designer) have developed this trouser with the fantastic support of a large network including the production teams, factories and users like yourself.

https://www.decathlon.in/p/8610943/men-s-track-pants/men-s-cricket-straight-fit-trouser-cts-500-grey?id=8610943&type=p